so here we are after 12 months and
15,000 miles the time has come to say
goodbye to our Sportbrake
and we'll be sad to see it go this has
proved to be one of the most popular
cars we've ever had on the wot car fleet
all my colleagues have been clambering
to borrow the keys from me whether for
short trips to the tip or long holidays
so everybody loves running around in
this 40,000 pound jag but why is it
proved so popular well we all like the
except saloon but the Sportbrake is more
practical it's a great motorway cruiser
and it looks great too in our 12 months
with the car nothing's gone wrong
nothing's broken we had to take the car
back to the dealers only once to have
the front xenon headlights readjusted
some colleagues have complained that the
driver's seat makes a squeak on its
lower setting but other than that
absolutely perfect but here's the thing
from time to time I began to suspect
it's not very good for starters this big
jag has a small and rather old 2.2 liter
engine in it it's got enormous turbo lag
low down a fairly limited power band and
it's fairly gruff - it doesn't waft like
a Jaguar shirt also this 8-speed
transmission is really hesitant the
visibilities poor the seats lack lumbar
support and their infotainment
touchscreen is the worst I've ever come
across it's so slow first of all we
struggled to get over 35 miles per
gallon out of this car our overall
average was thirty two point seven which
is way below our two mpg figure of forty
point eight and of course there's an
elephant in the room with the sport
brake in the form of BMWs 520 detering
which is not only cheaper to buy and to
run but better to drive the Audi a6
event is quite fruity as well and the
Mercedes e-class is as big as Berlin so
it's game over for the sport brake then
well no you see the Jag still has a few
aces up its sleeve you see it has an
excellent chassis the rides firm around
town but really comfortable at higher
speeds the handling is great
softer than the saloon maybe but still
great the steering's lovely - its
precise responsive and well weighted
twisty roads were always a delight
this car holidays were great in this car
too there's plenty of room for family
and friends and that's another thing you
see your family and friends will want to
go in this car because it's a Jag
because it's not some boring bland SUV
or German estate car it's stylish and
desirable you see this car might not
have the technology or depth of
engineering of some of its rivals but it
has a charm and a curb appeal that they
can't match so this or the BMW well no
that's a tricky one because the BMW does
make more sense but this jag this Jags
an old friend it's been immensely
popular in the office it's not perfect
but it has been fun I for one we're
really sad to see it go for all of my
weekly updates on the sport break go to
what car calm